Add rate-limiting RetryAfter fixes to What's New for .NET 11 Preview 4 (#37151)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/release-notes/aspnetcore-11/includes/rate-limiting-retry-after-preview-4.md

### Rate-limiting middleware returns accurate `Retry-After` headers

The <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.FixedWindowRateLimiter> now reports a <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.MetadataName.RetryAfter> metadata value that accurately reflects the next window boundary. The rate-limiting middleware uses this metadata to set the `Retry-After` response header, so clients that exceed the rate limit automatically receive a meaningful retry interval without any extra configuration.

> Previously, the `RetryAfter` metadata wasn't reliably set, which meant rejected responses either lacked the header or contained an unhelpful value. With this fix, any app that uses the rate-limiting middleware with a <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.FixedWindowRateLimiter> benefits from correct `Retry-After` headers automatically.

Reviewer: @BrennanConroy clarified that sending the header isn't automatic:

```suggestion
The <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.FixedWindowRateLimiter> now reports a <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.MetadataName.RetryAfter> metadata value that accurately reflects the next window boundary. Apps that propagate this metadata to the `Retry-After` response header in their <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.RateLimiting.RateLimiterOptions.OnRejected> callback now produce correct retry intervals automatically, with no code changes required.
```

> Additional fixes in `System.Threading.RateLimiting` resolve an issue where <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.TokenBucketRateLimiter> mishandled partial token refills during zero-permit acquisition, and improve `System.Threading.RateLimiting.ChainedRateLimiter` to correctly forward idle-duration and replenishment behavior from its inner limiters.

Reviewer 2: I also couldn't find ChainedRateLimiter. Does it actually exist?

Reviewer 3: It comes from `RateLimiter.CreateChained(...)`, the type `ChainedRateLimiter` is internal.
https://source.dot.net/#System.Threading.RateLimiting/System/Threading/RateLimiting/RateLimiter.cs,37

> Additional fixes in `System.Threading.RateLimiting` resolve an issue where <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.TokenBucketRateLimiter> mishandled partial token refills during zero-permit acquisition, and improve `System.Threading.RateLimiting.ChainedRateLimiter` to correctly forward idle-duration and replenishment behavior from its inner limiters.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Additional fixes in `System.Threading.RateLimiting` resolve an issue where <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.TokenBucketRateLimiter> mishandled partial token refills during zero-permit acquisition, and improve the chained rate limiter returned by <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.RateLimiter.CreateChained*> to correctly forward idle-duration and replenishment behavior from its inner limiters.
```
Suggestion to address this potential pont of confusion:  Replaced the internal type (which would result in a borken xref link) with a description referencing the public factory method RateLimiter.CreateChained().  Does this help clarify?  @BrennanConroy, @gewarren?  Or leave it alone and just state it is internal?

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me, except replace `%2A` with `*`.

### Rate-limiting middleware returns accurate `Retry-After` headers

The <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.FixedWindowRateLimiter> now reports a <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.MetadataName.RetryAfter> metadata value that accurately reflects the next window boundary. The rate-limiting middleware uses this metadata to set the `Retry-After` response header, so clients that exceed the rate limit automatically receive a meaningful retry interval without any extra configuration.

> Previously, the `RetryAfter` metadata wasn't reliably set, which meant rejected responses either lacked the header or contained an unhelpful value. With this fix, any app that uses the rate-limiting middleware with a <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.FixedWindowRateLimiter> benefits from correct `Retry-After` headers automatically.

Reviewer: @BrennanConroy Does the rate limiting middleware ever send `Retry-After` headers automatically? Or do you need to configure an `OnRejected` callback as shown in https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/performance/rate-limit?view=aspnetcore-10.0#choosing-what-happens-when-a-request-is-rate-limited?

Reviewer 3: Have to manually add it.

### Rate-limiting middleware returns accurate `Retry-After` headers

The <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.FixedWindowRateLimiter> now reports a <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.MetadataName.RetryAfter> metadata value that accurately reflects the next window boundary. Apps that propagate this metadata to the `Retry-After` response header in their <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.RateLimiting.RateLimiterOptions.OnRejected> callback now produce correct retry intervals automatically, with no code changes required.

Additional fixes in `System.Threading.RateLimiting` resolve an issue where <xref:System.Threading.RateLimiting.TokenBucketRateLimiter> mishandled partial token refills during zero-permit acquisition, and improve `System.Threading.RateLimiting.ChainedRateLimiter` to correctly forward idle-duration and replenishment behavior from its inner limiters.

> For more information, see [Rate limiting middleware in ASP.NET Core](/aspnet/core/performance/rate-limit).

Reviewer 3: This is a bit misleading, it's not more information about the above text, it's more information on the middleware in general

Reviewer 4: Thanks, you are right.  I updated it.

> For more information, see [Rate limiting middleware in ASP.NET Core](/aspnet/core/performance/rate-limit).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For an overview of the rate limiting middleware, see [Rate limiting middleware in ASP.NET Core](/aspnet/core/performance/rate-limit).
```
